Migrate from openEO-specific tokens to JWT #558 (#567)
Open-EO/openeo-api: CHANGELOG.md

- Added `version` property to `GET /processes` [#517](https://github.com/Open-EO/openeo-api/issues/517)
- Added `queued`, `started` and `unpublished` to the batch job metadata and the corresponding STAC results [#542](https://github.com/Open-EO/openeo-api/issues/542)
- Added all the batch job timestamps (including the new timestamps above) to the Collection type of batch job results

> - Support for JWT-based Bearer tokens [#558](https://github.com/Open-EO/openeo-api/issues/558)

Reviewer: The current tokens are  already JWT "based" (prefix + JWT) in practice (on most deployments), so this might be a bit confusing.
Suggestion to clarify that a bit:

```suggestion
- Support for standard JSON Web Tokens (JWT) being used as Bearer tokens [#558](https://github.com/Open-EO/openeo-api/issues/558)
```

### Deprecated

- Deprecated the openEO-specific Bearer token format (authentication mechanism/provider id/access token) [#558](https://github.com/Open-EO/openeo-api/issues/558)

### Changed

> - Migrate from openEO-specific tokens to JWT [#558](https://github.com/Open-EO/openeo-api/issues/558)

Reviewer: What is migrated here? This is just about deprecating the old way and recommending a new way, right?

Author: Yes

Author: ```suggestion
- Migrate from openEO-specific tokens to JWT, i.e. deprecating the openEO-specific format in favor of JWT [#558](https://github.com/Open-EO/openeo-api/issues/558)
```
